FILE: ~/study/vim/vimscript/chapter02/options
AHUTOR: merlin - Ian Murfin - github.com/ianmurfinxyz

(1) Setting Options

Vim has 2 main kinds of options: boolean options and options which take a value. Do the values
have types? So int, float, string values etc? Are they all strings?

(2) Boolean options

Each boolean option has a name, e.g. 'number' or 'wrap' and it is enabled/disabled with the 
commands:

':set <name>'     to enable.
':set no<name>'   to disable.

e.g.

':set number' and ':set nonumber'

Toggling boolean options can be done with '!' at the end of either of the set commands, e.g.

:set number!
:set nonumber!

Q: Is the '!' simply a logical inverion operator like in C?

(3) Querying current value of an option.

You can ask vim the current value of an option by appending the '?', e.g.

'set number?'

it also works with the disable set command, i.e.

'set nonumber?'

both have the same effect.

(4) Options with values.

The above applies to options with values too except these options take a value seperated by an
equals (operator?), e.g.

'set numberwidth=10'

note - whitespace is not accepted between the name, equals and value; results in a syntax error.

Query example,

'set numberwidth?'

(4) You can set multiple options at once with the set command, e.g.

'set number numberwidth=20'

You can even query a value in the same command, e.g.

'set number numberwidth=20 wrap?'

(5) The Quotes

At the end of chapter 2 the author asks you to lookup,

':help 'number''

with the single quotes around 'number'. This does result in a different help result than if you
do,

':help number'

Why? Must be disambiguation but what? Are all single quoted helps options or something?

(5) Relative line numbers.

The option 'rnu' (or 'relativenumber' in the long form) changes the numbers to be relative to
the cursor line. The number of the line with the cursor is the absolute line number. This could
be really useful when coding as it would be much easier to copy many lines of text without having
to calculate the number of lines I need.

It can be quickly enabled with,

':set rnu'

It is a boolean option so can also be toggled.

